---
ID: 7421
post_title: >
  Shepherd Maple Syrup Festival Meeting
  Coe Township Hall July 12, 2017
author: ng23055
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: 'http://www.shepherdmaplesyrupfest.org?p=7421&preview=true&preview_id=7421'
published: false
---
<p style="text-align: center;">Shepherd Maple Syrup Festival Meeting</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">Coe Township Hall</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">July 12, 2017</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"></p>
Present- Pete Alexander, Diane &amp; Bob Courter, Vicki &amp; Louise Travis, Jon Morgan, Kathy Shepard, Merrie and Arnie Hammel
<ul>
 	<li>Treasury Report-June minutes—Minutes to have a correction of the water usage was reported by Will Bailey not Steve Davidson. A motion to accept the minutes with that correction by Kathy Shepard and seconded by Jon Morgan. Motion carried.</li>
 	<li>Treas. Report—Motion by Patti Sandel to accept the Treas. Report—seconded by Bob Courter—motion carried.</li>
 	<li>Party in the Park-Vicki Travis reported on the committee meetings and asked for volunteers to help during this event. The event will include ‘Old Fashion Picnic’, and Kathy Shepard volunteered to head this event. The picnic will start at 12:00 with the games following. Beer Tent will be open on Saturday at 12:00 and run until midnight, and then reopen on Sunday at noon until the end of the event (or midnight) Silent Auction will take place on Sat. and Sun. NEED articles for this event. Garden Tractor Pull on Sunday. Jon Morgan reported that he has contacted Morning Sun, 104.3 and CMU Life for advertisement.</li>
 	<li>Demolition Derby-Will Bailey will get with Todd Sorensen to discuss the Fire Departments help during the event.</li>
</ul>
<h3>New Business:</h3>
<ul>
 	<li>Pete reported that there will be a public meeting about the ‘wind turbines’ coming to the area. This meeting is set for August 9th, same night as our regular meeting. A motion was made by Arnie Hammel and seconded by Louis Travis to change our meeting to August 2, 2017. Motion carried.</li>
 	<li>With the flooding of the Little Salt River during the recent rain storm, a water sample from the flowing well was taken and sent in for review. The testing came back negative and all is well with the water.</li>
 	<li>Park Reservations- Sharon Cole will no longer be taking reservations for the Little Salt River Park. Pete has taken over this position.</li>
 	<li>Sugar Bush-Arnie reported that the design on the syrup jugs will be changing, along with the jugs being made in the U.S.A.</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Meeting adjourned—

Next Meeting August 2, 2017

&nbsp;

Diane Courter, Secretary

<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kTmGv6S-EDC90Ga6rjK-G8M4cbwG6HbBD-Xp7ak_8Jo/edit?usp=sharing">Edit in Google Docs</a>